mind your decisions I'm presh tall
Walker a convex quadrilateral has
diagonals that are perpendicular to each
other if three consecutive sides have
lengths of three two and one
what is the length of the fourth side I
think on us for the suggestion pause the
video if you'd like to give this problem
a try and when you're ready keep
watching to learn how to solve this
problem
[Music]
let's label some of the lengths in this
diagram we have w x y and z consider
this right triangle by the Gogu theorem
we have W squared plus x squared is
equal to 3 squared in this right
triangle we have x squared plus y
squared is equal to 2 squared then in
this right triangle we have Y squared
plus Z squared is equal to 1 squared we
want to calculate the hypotenuse of this
right triangle to do that we'll subtract
the second equation and then add the
third equation in doing so we will
cancel out the x squared + y squared
terms we're left with W squared plus Z
squared is equal to 3 squared minus 2
squared plus 1 squared this means W
squared plus Z squared is equal to 6 the
hypotenuse will be equal to the square
root of this therefore we have the
square root of W squared plus Z squared
is equal to the square root of 6 and
that's the answer to this problem
thanks for making mind your decisions
one of the best channels on YouTube as
always thanks for watching and thanks
for your support
[Music]